Greetings Font Fiends:

Here is something new for you to play with. 'Paddington' is a 
translation of a sans serif design drawn by Edward Johnston for
London Transport in 1918. It is generally considered to be the first
modern sans serif design. Some comments about this translation are 
in order:

1. Current version number: 1.1 (February 1997)

2. No, Martha, these aren't complete character sets. I created
these faces for a project, used them, polished them up a bit, and now
they're yours. I may or may not extend the character sets, based on 
the amount of whining and sniveling that I receive. But be very nice 
to me or I may just tell you to buzz off.

3. The 'plain' font is based very closely on the original, but see
#4 below. The italic, demibold, demibold italic, small caps and 
demibold small caps are my own invention. If you don't like them, 
don't use them.

4. I have very slightly (<10%) beefed-up the vertical stems and 
vertical bits of curved strokes -- this assures optically consistent
strokes.

5. Some of the characters are of my own invention:

> the commercial 'at' sign (needed for e-mail addresses, alas)
> the text, or lowercase, numerals
> the italic lowercase a and f
> the straight-back y
> the $ and ¢ signs
> the diacritical marks
> the euro monetary symbol

6. These fonts exist in Mac Type-1 format only. 
I have no interest whatsoever in converting them to PC, Amiga, or
Unix formats -- for those, and anything else, you're on your own.

7. I am releasing these typefaces as freeware. That's right: 
You don't have to pay me. I am hoping, not in vain, I trust, that 
you have a conscience and will not use or appropriate these typefaces 
to your use without giving some credit where it is due. In all events,
the notice contained in the fonts must remain intact.

8. Although I have written a book about Fontographer and use it 
extensively, I found it necessary to finish up these fonts in 
FontStudio. Fontographer's hinting is, well, execrable. I was able 
to obtain effective automatic hinting from FontStudio that 
Fontographer could not equal, even with a little hand-tuning of 
the hints. Shocking. More shocking is that Adobe has bought Ares 
(who developed FontStudio) and Adobe, apparently has no plans 
to do anything with the program. Depressing.

Cheers.

Stephen Moye, Stephen_Moye@brown.edu

